they'd like to talk to you about
Louisville Sluggers new line of training
bags the first back we're going to talk
about is the weighted bat weighted bat
it's a 34 inch 48 ounce monster of a bat
so today I'm going to take you through
some of the drills that I like to use
with this heavy bat and show you the
versatility of little sluggers new way
to bat first off I can get loose with
the bat so I can use it in the on-deck
circle or as the day begins and I'm
gonna start my drills well before
batting practice I can use this bat to
get loose also I can do my specific
drills actually with the back so I can
do T work
soft ice and batting practice so with
this heavy bag does is it makes me stay
behind the ball and deliver a blow from
behind the baseball which is where my
power is so as I used to head me back
that's the thing I'm concentrating on
the most I'm gonna work on taking my
stride for me it's a toe tap if
something was just a normal stride but
for me is I'm going to give my set up
get ready to hit the baseball and then
deliver the blow from behind the ball
and this way the bat is going to make me
stay back not lunge forward so that the
barrel gets to the baseball and I'm in a
powerful powerful position to deliver
the blow when I want to work up the team
of those things I'd like to do is move
the ball around the play so as a hit
see we want to try to control as much of
the place as possible and again as I'm
using this back it's easier to handle
the outside pitch the pitch I'm really
going to concentrate on the pitch that
really I think this bat is love show me
the most success and most improvements
with the pitch on the inside so with any
time you're dealing with a heavier bat
and the pitch is away from you it's
easier it's easier to just lift up and
go but as you're dealing with the inside
pitch you got a second put your hands in
stay really behind the ball as I said
before the great thing about this bat is
is we can use it for all our drills so
you've already seen me use it off the
tee now I'm going to do some front toss
good thing about products is obviously
the ball is moving it's not sitting
still even baseball is played the ball
moving in a high velocity now he's gonna
be locked them in there it's just this
is more of a drill to again feel Wesley
work on my fundamentals and especially
with this way that that really trying to
control the barrel so Kevin's gonna fill
the ball into me he's gonna mix up sort
of mix up in and out I'm just going to
try to square the ball up it works a bit
just like we wouldn't back tractus and
really work on my swing 20 minutes
the p89
28-inch bet it's more geared for the
high school college and professional
player and it can be used for one-handed
drills and to him drills the thing that
this this p89 28 inch pad will make me
do is it will make me bring the ball
back in my stance with my power drills
so that I'm not constantly out in front
reaching for the ball it will make me
shorten up and hit the ball deep as a
hitter obviously our number one goal is
to get a good pitch to hit and we don't
know what the picture is going to throw
so one of the things that p89 is going
to let us do with this drill it's going
to work on doing is letting the ball
travels
better pitch recognition and we can
decipher between off-speed fastball
inside outside up and down
hopefully our strikes on judgment gets
better and we get on baseball
all right first we're gonna start here
with some two-handed drills just gonna
be like normal to or putting in it's
going to make us focus on let the ball
travel hitting a deep and drive you the
ball with our body behind behind the
barrel of the bat so you can see us as I
work through these drills I'm working on
a short contact stroke which is going to
make me to lick the ball travel better
pitch recognition and hopefully more
power we are at the tee we're gonna do
some more hand drills like I said before
and just like we do our to handiwork
we're gonna sit the ball in a place I
get some pitch coming at us and we're
going to take our normal stance and
relationship to play now the number one
tendency of most centers when they do
this drill is to drop the barrier if you
notice I'm trying to stay on top of the
ball because the last thing
underneath it Luke was my bear so I'm
trying to control the back to keep it in
that slot allowed it to get online and
deliver a solid squared up strike to the
ball now we're gonna talk about the
right now as we talked earlier the left
hand gets the bat into the slot and it
pulls the knob towards the ball but the
right hand is what delivers the barrel
through contact and really where the
power and the ultimate drive comes
through the baseball for me to deliver a
solid strike to this baseball I need it
to be delivered from the inside again
I'm gonna take my same same same
relationship to the ball move the ball
up and down in and out trying to do
everything the same as if I have two
hands on the bat but I'm only gonna use
my pocket so as we go through this drill
it should really focus almost as if I
was going to punch the baseball bat was
going to punch this base punch it like
that I want you to feel almost like your
hand just wanna punch the baseball now
you're gonna fly it as a right-handed
hitter this is going to be the most
difficult to drill but this is a drill
you can conquer if it's a drill that you
can get efficient at you're going to
find yourself as you put the two hands
together squaring the ball up and
hitting it with more power the next
segment of training bats they've come
out with are the shorter the shorter one
handed back the 22 inch and the 18 inch
training bats can be used with players
from all ages and it's specifically
designed for one-handed drills
as I said earlier all these drills can
be done also from flips so I'm using
them off the tee here today
at your house or at your cage or with
your school you can do all these drills
off the tee or you get a buddy or you
get your coach and throw your front
flips so that the ball is moving and you
increase the difficulty of the drill a
little bit more you can find these bats
at Slugger comm or you're near a
sporting goods store